# Artificial Intelligence in Natural Language Processing

Spring HATEOAS. The Spring AI project provides a Spring-friendly API and abstractions for developing AI applications. Spring Cloud Kubernetes provides implementations of well known Spring Cloud interfaces. FinNLP provides a playground for all people interested in LLMs and NLP in Finance. FinnewsHunter a multi-agent financial intelligence system. Language Model Evaluation Harness. Pegasus Workflow Management System automate, recover, and debug scientific computations. Airbyte is a data integration platform. jOOQ library that generates Java code from your database metadata. Siddhi is a cloud native streaming and complex event processing engine. PredictionIO, a machine learning server for developers and ML engineers. cuML is a suite of libraries that implement machine learning algorithms and mathematical primitives functions that share compatible APIs with other RAPIDS projects. EclipseLink is an open-source project that provides a comprehensive framework to interact with various data services. SQLines Database Migration Tools. n8n is a workflow automation platform. LangChain4j is a library that simplifies the integration of LLMs. IPEX-LLM is an LLM acceleration library for Intel GPU. OpenVINO is an open source toolkit for optimizing and deploying AI inference. Permazen is a Language-Natural Persistence Layer for Java. DKPro Core is a collection of software components for (NLP) based on the Apache UIMA framework. Neo4j is the world’s leading Graph Database. SQL Translator is a tool for converting NLQ into SQL code. dbt enables data analysts to transform their data. Flyway is a database-migration tool. Hippo4j Thread Pool. Apache DolphinScheduler is the modern data orchestration platform. Easy Batch is a framework. Embulk is a parallel bulk data loader. Apache SeaweedFS is a fast distributed storage system. MinIO Java SDK is Simple Storage Service (aka S3) client. Oryx 2 lambda architecture on Apache Spark, Kafka for real-time large scale machine learning.

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.
